[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer beeping]
VERTIGO
[whooshing]
[Jeremy] Holosphere system connected.
[Jeremy] Welcome to Sector Five!
[Yumi] The wall's gonna open
any second now.
[Yumi] Let's go!
[computer beeping]
Three minutes to find the key! Go!
[all gasp]
[Odd] Uh oh! The doors are
in the wrong place!
-[Yumi] Oh, here come our friends!
-[Odd] Creepers!
[Odd] They just can't stay away from us!
Remember, guys, the clock is running!
[digital bleeping]
[Jeremy] Let's see.
[beeping]
I found the key,
at two o'clock directly above Yumi!
[all grunt]
That's a job for a cat.
[odd exclaims]
[Yumi grunts]
[Odd grunts]
[Ulrich exclaims]
[Creeper growls]
[Yumi] Not so fast, dummy!
[yells]
[exclaims]
[Jeremy] Odd! You're running
out of life points!
Odd!
[yelling]
[digital bleeping]
Nice one!
[all panting]
[Ulrich] Now!
-[Ulrich] Uh.
-[Yumi gasps]
[Aelita] I'm connected, Jeremy.
Come on, Aelita! We've gotta gather
the data before the Flying Mantas come!
[Jeremy] The Mantas are about to hatch!
Five…
Four…
Three…
Two…
One…
Now!
[light groan]
Hey, Jeremy, I don't see
any Flying Mantas.
[Jeremy] Strange! I can see them
on my screen.
Stay on your guard! They may come
from the other end of the sector.
[Yumi exclaims]
[Yumi cries out]
[gasps]
[exclaims]
[Creeper moans]
[Aelita] Done, Jeremy.
You can take over again.
Okay, I'm on it.
I've programmed the overbike!
-[Ulrich] Come on!
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Ulrich] Hang on, princess.
[whoosh]
Okay. The passage is open!
[Ulrich] Jeremy, we've got a problem.
-We just found the Flying Mantas.
-[Aelita gasps]
[Jeremy] You should be able to lose them.
-[Jeremy] But…
-[Aelita gasps]
[Jeremy] …what is that?
[Aelita] Mines, Jeremy.
They're hatching flying mines.
[exhales]
[theme music]
Well, these are codes
for XANA's subsystems.
I cracked them three weeks ago!
Hey! Yeah!
This one looks like
the source code to a virus.
I might be able to use it!
If the virus inside you
is anything like this one,
I might be able to free you from XANA!
-You mean, like soon?
-Yeah!
Okay, we're out of here!
There's a big climbing competition
tonight. Gotta practice!
I already told you. I'm not doing it!
[Yumi] Really?
-Why not?
-[Ulrich] Because.
At least come and watch me!
Come on, Ulrich. For once, Odd's found
a sport where being scrawny is a plus!
Hey! I am not scrawny!
[laughs]
I am svelte. It's not the same!
[theme music]
[Jim] Come on! Keep it steady.
[Odd grunting]
[Herb exhales]
You should have left your zits down there,
huh, Herb! They're too heavy!
Della Robbia! I'm gonna--
[gasps and yells]
[chuckles]
[groans]
I'm the king of the world!
Okay, Stern. The wall!
Um…
You see, Jim…
Huh?
First one to the top!
Sorry. I don't climb.
Are you scared?
No, I'm not scared--
Come on, Stern. Show us what you've got.
Get up that wall! Hurry up!
[grunts]
Hey, man,
humiliate this guy and let's go eat!
-Ready, Aelita?
-[Aelita nods]
[digital bleeping]
Yes! The test worked! It's unbelievable!
We did it! We've got the antivirus!
-[Jeremy] Mmhmm.
-[Aelita chuckles]
Jeremy! What if…
What if you injected me right now?
We could surprise the others!
Isn't that a little risky?
It will be just as risky in two hours,
or in two days!
Okay! Go to the scanner.
I'll start the process.
[straining]
[William and Ulrich grunting]
What is he doing?
Hey! Come on, Ulrich! Move it!
[panting]
[Yumi] You can beat him.
Go for it, Ulrich!
Come on, huh, Spiderman?
You spinning a web or did you fall asleep?
Hey, Stern!
What's the matter with you?
[yells]
[both gasp]
[grunts]
Oh, I get it.
A little nap before lunch, right?
Leave me alone!
[sighs]
You…
You've got vertigo! Is that it?
Ulrich! Wait!
Let him chill out awhile.
Give him time to get over it!
[Jeremy] Ready.
Yes! Do it!
[digital bleeping]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[straining]
[Aelita gasps]
Aelita! How do you feel? Say something!
Something!
[laughs]
If you can make jokes as bad as Odd's,
then you must be okay!
[theme music]
Ulrich?
Maybe he went to the factory to mope?
[Aelita] Hey! We've got great news!
We've found the antivirus!
And I've already given it to Aelita!
-You what?
-That's so great!
All we have to do now
is shut down the Supercomputer!
And it's adiós to XANA!
Okay, but not without Ulrich!
-We have to find him first!
-Why? Where is he?
Off somewhere hiding. I mean, sulking!
Ah. In that case, he's in the forest!
He always goes there
when he feels like moping!
[branch cracks]
[cracking]
-[leaves rustle]
-Huh?
[soft growling]
So, back to your usual cool self yet?
Not a hundred percent.
Well, this might help you to quit sulking.
We've got some incredible news!
[Jeremy] I don't believe it.
I'm actually writing the final entry
in the Lyoko travel log book!
Can you imagine?
Aelita?
Aelita? Are you okay?
[gasps] I…
Do you think it's the antivirus?
No. It's just an energy slump.
I'll go and lie down
in my room for a minute or two!
[gasps]
[static crackling]
[gasping]
Oh, Aelita! I didn't even
see you standing there.
But that's hardly surprising!
You're such a wall flower!
How can you expect a guy
to notice you some day?
I'm not talking about Jeremy, of course.
He's already married to a computer chip!
I mean a real guy, you know?
-Look at me, for instance…
-[Aelita gasps]
…I'm really pretty and attractive,
but that's not all!
-I'm also funny, intelligent, sweet and…
-[static crackling]
…very attentive to others.
Hmm?
Huh? Just what I was saying!
She's so unremarkable you don't
even realize that she's gone.
Oh, no!
[Aelita] Jeremy!
This is awful!
It sure is! XANA is attacking!
-Aelita?
-[Aelita] I'm here.
-[Jeremy] You are? But where?
-[Aelita] Right in front of you. But…
I'm… I'm invisible!
-You're what?
-[Aelita] Hey!
Oops! Sorry!
[Aelita] Could this be XANA's attack?
Quick! To the factory!
[leaves rustle]
[Ulrich] Huh?
[Odd] Uh oh.
What's that?
A nice little doggy, I hope!
[growls]
No. A big bad wolf, Odd.
[wolves growling]
Uh, when you're faced
with a pack of wolves, what do you do?
You run!
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Yumi's recorded voice] Konnichiwa!
You've reached Yumi's mobile.
Leave me a message.
Yumi! Meet us at the factory!
There's a bug!
[growling]
-Oh, no.
-[Odd] Let's go! Come on!
-[wolves growling]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
Ulrich! Hurry up!
-[Ulrich straining]
-[wolves growling]
-[Ulrich screams]
-Ulrich!
-[Ulrich exclaims]
-[wolf whines]
[straining]
[groaning]
Don't look down!
-[groaning]
-[wolves howl]
Concentrate on your handgrips!
And don't think about anything else!
-[straining]
-[Odd] Yeah! That's it!
Keep climbing!
[Yumi] Just a little further.
[Ulrich straining]
-[exclaims]
-[Yumi] I've got you!
[all straining]
-[Yumi and Odd exhale]
-[Ulrich groans]
[Aelita] I'm here, Jeremy.
It isn't XANA.
It's a bug in the antivirus!
I have to deactivate it,
but it's going to take a little while!
[Aelita] What about the activated tower?
What's the attack?
-I have no idea.
-[computer beeps]
Yumi!
[Yumi] We've got a big problem, Jeremy.
We're in the forest with a pack of wolves,
possessed by XANA.
Oh, no! Aelita can't go
and deactivate the tower by herself!
[Yumi] We'll do our best!
I'll keep you posted!
-[hangs up the call]
-[Aelita] Jeremy!
Virtualize me on Lyoko
so I can deactivate the tower.
No way! We have to wait!
[Aelita] Wait for what?
For them to be devoured?
We have no choice!
-[Yumi] Your foot okay?
-[Ulrich nods]
Good thing you weren't wearing sandals!
[growls]
[all gasp]
-[wolves howl]
-[Odd] Oh, great!
A flying wolf!
[grunts]
Jeremy! I'm here!
It's good to be visible again!
[Jeremy] I've programmed the Overwing for
you. The activated tower shouldn't be far.
[growling]
This is where the kind hunters
usually come to the rescue, right?
[yells]
-[Yumi gasps]
-[Ulrich yelling]
[groans in pain]
Ulrich!
[groans]
Oh!
But…
Huh?
It's a decoy!
They… They're just images!
Huh?
[Odd grunts]
That XANA's even slyer than I thought!
No Scyphozoa in sight, Jeremy!
[Jeremy] Anyway, be careful!
[growling]
[Yumi yells]
-Uh oh! This one's real!
-So are these two!
[phone rings]
-[Yumi] Jeremy!
-[Jeremy] How's it going?
It sure is no picnic over here!
[Jeremy] Hang on!
Aelita is almost at the activated tower!
[upbeat music]
-Oh!
-[tense music]
[groans]
[Aelita] What's going on?
Jeremy!
We've got a problem!
[theme music]
-[Jeremy] Yumi?
-[Yumi] Yeah?
[Jeremy] The antivirus
I injected into Aelita
has modified her virtual signature.
The towers doesn't
recognize her any longer!
[Yumi] You mean she can't
deactivate them any more?
[Jeremy] Exactly! That is until I manage
to extract that dumb bugged virus!
But she is all alone on Lyoko
and I can't devirtualize her!
Okay! We'll be right there!
[hangs up phone]
Aelita needs our help.
Glad to hear it, but how do you plan
on getting out of this jam?
We split up.
I'll take care of them!
[Yumi] Are you crazy?
Go on, I said! Okay?
I may have vertigo but I can handle
a few flea-bitten mongrels!
On three, get going.
You mean one, two and go?
Or do mean one, two, three and go?
-Go!
-[Odd] Oh!
[Jeremy] Cavalry's on the way, Aelita!
Careful! Behind you!
No!
[gasps]
Ah!
[Aelita] Oh!
[ethereal music]
[Yumi] You can start the process, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Odd.
Scanner Yumi.
Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[ethereal music]
[gasps and chuckles]
[gasps]
[Jeremy] You know what you have to do.
Your vehicles are on the way.
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Follow the trail.
The activated tower is inside the cavern.
-[Yumi] How's Ulrich?
-[Jeremy] No news.
[wolves barking]
[panting]
[car horn honks]
[gasps]
Oh!
Yumi! Odd! Move it!
[both] Huh?
[gasps] Jeremy!
[Yumi exclaims]
-[Yumi exclaims]
-[Odd grunts]
[Odd] Yeah!
-[Jeremy] Well done, Odd.
-[Odd grunts]
[panting]
Odd, you're the only one
who can do anything now.
Jeremy! How's it going?
A complete mess! And you?
-[Ulrich] Ditto.
-[wolves howl]
[Ulrich panting]
[exclaims]
Oh!
[groans]
Ah!
Ulrich!
[groans]
[groaning]
Oh!
Oh, no! They've got guard dogs.
[exclaims]
[shivers and takes a deep breath]
Laser arrows!
[gasps]
You okay?
[Odd] Jeremy, how's it going
with the antivirus?
I'm working on it.
What about Ulrich?
[panting]
-[Ulrich exclaims]
-[both gasp]
[straining]
[yells]
Ulrich!
I've got to help him!
[Jeremy] Wait! The antivirus
is deactivated.
Aelita, you can get into the tower now.
I hope this works.
[gasping]
[exhales] It's okay, Jeremy.
[growling]
[ethereal music]
Ah!
-[growling]
-[Ulrich groaning]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[whimpers]
-Launch a return to the past!
-[Jeremy nods]
Hurry up!
Return to the past now!
[rewind sound]
First one to the top!
-Well?
-No, thanks.
You chicken! You got vertigo or what?
Yeah. What about it?
No worse than being afraid of spiders!
Hey! How did you know that?
I have my spies!
[laughs]
Anyway…
See you around, Spiderman!
Hmm.
So, Aelita, what's it like,
being invisible?
I always wanted to be like, you know,
Sue in The Fantastic Four!
[Odd laughs]
[Jeremy chuckles]
[theme music]